What rating does Dudley
Moore give Bo Derek’s
character in the ﬁlm “10”?

Higher than ten

Lower than ten

Te nWhat rating does Dudley
Moore give Bo Derek’s
character in the ﬁlm “10”?

Higher than ten

Lower than ten

Te nWhat rating does Dudley
Moore give Bo Derek’s
character in the ﬁlm “10”?

Higher than ten

Lower than ten

Te nWhat rating does Dudley
Moore give Bo Derek’s
character in the ﬁlm “10”?

Higher than ten

Lower than ten

Te nWhat rating does Dudley
Moore give Bo Derek’s
character in the ﬁlm “10”?

Higher than ten

Lower than ten

Te nWhat rating does Dudley
Moore give Bo Derek’s
character in the ﬁlm “10”?

Higher than ten

Lower than ten

Te nWhat rating does Dudley
Moore give Bo Derek’s
character in the ﬁlm “10”?

Higher than ten

Lower than ten

Te nWhat rating does Dudley
Moore give Bo Derek’s
character in the ﬁlm “10”?

Higher than ten

Lower than ten

Te nWhat rating does Dudley
Moore give Bo Derek’s
character in the ﬁlm “10”?

Higher than ten

Lower than ten

Te nWhat rating does Dudley
Moore give Bo Derek’s
character in the ﬁlm “10”?

Higher than ten

Lower than ten

Te nWhat rating does Dudley
Moore give Bo Derek’s
character in the ﬁlm “10”?

Higher than ten

Lower than ten

Te nWhat rating does Dudley
Moore give Bo Derek’s
character in the ﬁlm “10”?

Higher than ten

Lower than ten

Te nWhat rating does Dudley
Moore give Bo Derek’s
character in the ﬁlm “10”?

Higher than ten

Lower than ten

Te n